== Description

Sweet prototypes for actionscript that extend core classes with stuff to make your life easier.

In need of documentation and is under quite heavy development.

== Usage

Move the prototypes directory over to your .fla directory or add a classpath so your compiler can find it.

Import the namespace before including:
  import prototypes.*

Include everything with:
  Prototype.includeAll()
  
Include all functions from a specific prototype by:
  MovieClipPrototype.includeAll()
  
Include a specific function from a specific prototype by:
  MovieClipPrototype.include( "isMouseOver" )
  
The last one remains quite untested at the moment so can't promise that it works.

== Gotchas

To use the extensions on Number directly on a number without using a variable you need to enclose it in parenthesis or the compiler will shoot syntax errors at you.

  trace( 1.day.ago ) // Syntax error
  trace( (1).day.ago ) // Works just fine!
  
  var n = 1
  trace( n.day.ago ) // Also works
  
Sometimes you might want to use each on a non variableized array. The flash compiler has some truly weird behaviour when it comes to this. Here's the breakdown.

  ['asdf', 'qwer'].each( function(element) { trace(element) } ) // Silent failure with adobe compiler, works with MTASC given that you specifically ended the previous line with a ;
  
  (['asdf', 'qwer'].each( function(element) { trace(element) } )) // Enclosing the whole thing in parenthesis makes it work on both compilers
  
  new Array('asdf', 'qwer').each( function(element) { trace(element) } ) // Works with the adobe compiler but not with MTASC
  
  var a = ['asdf', 'qwer]
  a.each( function(element) { trace(element) } ) // Always works